Optional Results Extended Docs (#1872)
oneapi-src/oneDAL: docs/source/onedal/glossary.rst

        **Synonyms:** instance, sample

    Result options:

>         Entities that mimic C++ enums. Serve to define which particular results
>         of algorithm should be computed. Result options usage can alternate
>         default algorithm flow and result in performance difference
>         (in general fewer count of results corresponds higher performance).
>         Invalid set of result options usage or access to the uncomputed algorithm
>         result leads to an error throwing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Result options:
        Result options are entities that mimic C++ enums. They are used to specify which results
        of an algorithm should be computed. The use of result options may alter the
        default algorithm flow and result in performance differences.
        In general, fewer results to compute means faster performance.
        An error is thrown when you use an invalid set of result options or try to access the results
        that are not yet computed.
```

>         **Example:** k-NN Classificationalgorithm can perform classification

Reviewer 2: Classificationalgorithm -> Classification algorithm

        **Synonyms:** instance, sample

>     Result options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: What is wrong with this?
